The first impression Ayane had about Walm must be the worst. Walm killed the Craist soldiers, disguised as the Ferrius soldiers, and got treated by her, blew away the treatment area, and burned her childhood friends.
Without showing his inner conflict, Walm declared to the girl.
“I’m Walm, the one who will take on the role of supervisor and escort from today.”
“… I’m Ayane Sugimoto.”
Ayane’s attitude toward Walm was icy. Still, she didn’t completely refuse him. Commander Gerard said she had been “persuaded”, but it was hard to believe. Perhaps, magic tools or some sort of insect had been planted in her head to make her slightly obedient, was what Walm thought when he heard it.
“I’m Maia, a healing magician. We met once, right?”
The other one was a woman from Ferrius, who worked as Ayane’s assistant. She introduced herself, but her tone was clearly sarcastic. Walm knew that no matter what he wanted to do to fix the relationship now, it would be useless.
“Yeah, thank you for the other day… four people, including me, are always watching you two. I don’t plan to interfere when you give treatment, but in an emergency, you must follow my command. Okay?”
“Understood.”
At that moment, Walm thought that he was more comfortable on the front line than being where he was now.
The treatment was endless as long as the mana was still there, the healing magician had a saying about it.
The wounds that made you want to look away, torn wounds, and even the arm that was about to start decaying were healed. Because Walm had been killing people, he could understand the horror of the wounded soldiers returning to the front in a good shape.
Maia’s knowledge and skills as an assistant were also great. Simply applying recovery magic would connect the broken bones, albeit leaving foreign objects, bones, and muscles left in the body. If she used recovery magic carelessly, serious aftereffects would remain. They were removed in a short time by applying water magic and proper incision.
Here, Walm was reminded of one of the factors that supported the offensive of the enemy soldiers who attacked the layers.
In the end, the sabotage that Walm was worried about didn’t happen, and the two healing magicians proceeded without rest. The soldiers gave them a thank-you word, even though they knew both were the enemy healing magicians.
Walm was seriously worried that some of the soldiers might be moved by the kindness and held affection for them more than necessary. More than 100 seriously injured people who might not be able to see tomorrow were healed to the point where they could even return to the battlefield immediately. Only by the recovery magic, anyone would agree that the girl must be one of the “Three Heroes”.
There was a declaration that the two were out of mana, and the treatment for the day was over. As expected, the color of fatigue in their eyes was deep.
“Today’s work is over. It’s time for a meal. Follow me.”
In a cell-like room, soup made from boiled birds, potatoes and beans, herring pickled in salt and herbs, vinegar-soaked cabbage, bread, and fruit liquor were lined up.
Although all of them were well-preserved, they were the best foods that Walm knew to eat at the forefront. It was an exceptional treatment for someone who became a POW.
Walm also knew that sleep and diet were important because healing someone required physical strength and mana. The two went on eating silently. Among them, only fruit liquor was left alone.
“Minors shouldn’t drink alcohol, don’t you think so?”
It was a frank question from Walm, but Maia frowned.
“Even though I look like this, I’m 21 years old. Ayane is also an adult, she’s 16 years old. It’s surprising to be “belittled” as young.”
Ah, my bad habit of thinking with my past life values is coming out…
In this world, once you hit 15 years old, you would be called an adult. You would be counted as a full-fledged person, good or bad, whether you wanted it or not.
“Then, do you both hate alcohol?”
The two answered Walm’s question.
“I have never drunk it.”
Well, if you’re a lawful minor in the old world, that would be the case.
“I don’t like it”
Maia didn’t seem to like it. Walm took out preserved food and pot from the magic bag. At the beginning of use, Walm was confused by the feeling that the tip of his wrist became ambiguous, but once he got used to it, he realized a convenience that couldn’t be explained if you had never used it.
“Then, you could have this instead”
Mana was poured into the sallow pot with cheese on it, and the melted cheese spread in it.
“Don’t hesitate. Instead, I’ll get the fruit liquor. You can enjoy it by spreading it on bread.”
Ayane, who was hesitant, spread the melting cheese on the bread and ate it.
“So good.”
Walm felt that Ayane’s face, which had always been tense, was slightly loosened only at this time. She had been drawn to the war under the name of “Three Heroes”, but deep inside she was just a teenage girl.
“I’ll ask His Excellency if he can change the fruit liquor with something else if possible. I can’t promise it’ll happen, but I will make an effort for it. After all, even though you’re a “prisoner of war”, you’ve been doing a good job.”
A work is a work after all
Walm didn’t feel like cutting corners or becoming too intimate with the two, he just wanted to avoid monitoring in a heavy atmosphere all the time. After seeing both finished their meal, Walm left the other soldiers to watch and settled down in the next room.
“How about when it’s your break time? After I take a break, I’ll drink with you. Or do you hate alcohol?”
To Walm’s question, the guards said with a serious look.
“Alcohol is life.”
After the night guards, the day was over.