Winston Ferrius overlooked the Highserk army from the hill.
Far from the Ferrius army, The Highserk army was heading into the shadow of the hill where the Grand Duke Youth Myard was.
“Roughly, it’s as expected”
According to the tendency of the Highserk Empire army so far, that had overturned its inferiority by taking advantage of its mobility, and also the difference in the number of experienced soldiers.
“Yes, it seems that the Highserk Empire intends to face a decisive battle with us after clearing up the weak Myard soldiers.”
Around Winston, a group of strategists from their home country lined up pieces on the map.
“They’re vigilant with the area around the hill, roughly, this is the lineup, but for sure they’ll attack those Myard. They have three 2000-person infantry units on the sides, perhaps to stall us.”
Winston nodded satisfactorily after receiving a report from the strategist.
“Although they’re strong, for that Berger to use 6000 people to stall our Ferrius soldiers, what a joke. I’ll end your history.”
Winston looked at the map again and imagined the development of the battle that was about to happen.
Myard lost a lot of its power, they would then depend on the Ferrius army, and the troops of the Highserk Empire would die after that.
It was an ideal development for Winston.
“There is no slip in their base.”
“Myard base has a horse fence, a shield, and even a simple empty moat with earth magic. Although it is mixed with militias, it will take time to capture the hill protected by more than 10,000 soldiers.”
“Is the remaining concern, that Jaff Cavalry Battalion?”
Jaff Cavalry Battalion was one of the strongest cavalry groups in the nations around the north. It was a common recognition of Winston and other generals that it was a unit that supported the rapid advance of the Highserk Empire.
“When we are offensive, defense by that cavalry is foreseen. Thousands of casualties will definitely come out.”
“Victory comes with a sacrifice. Cavalry battalions are not invincible. If the majority of infantry are lost, they will rot fast. Without infantry, victory can’t be achieved.”
Winston cut his words and tapped the desk.
“Bring back the victory to King Balliston. To our homeland. Listen to me, Don’t relax your guards. When both Highserk and Myard are exhausted, we will be the ones to decide the victory. “
◆
For the decisive battle, the two troops gathered in the plain near the capital Aidenberg. When the Duwei’s squad also joined the Liguria battalion, they were waiting for a sortie order at the base they had built.
“According to the information of the advance corps, it seems that the army from the Ferrius Kingdom has joined. Their number is about 14000. In addition, Myrad army, which is 7000 of militia and 4000 regulars, in total, it’s more than 20000.”
It seemed that the general-class military congress had already been completed, non-commissioned officers including Squad Commander Duwei had been gathered, and information had been shared in a top-down manner.
The number of Highserk Imperial soldiers was less than 18,000, due to the loss along the way, compared to 25,000 enemy soldiers, it seemed that the resistance of the border by Myard soldiers wasn’t in vain.
“Just when I thought how rare it was for the enemy to come out, that’s why huh.”
Jose was nodding as if he was convinced. Since they attacked the Principality of Myard, there had been few decent field battles. It took a lot of time and effort to finish it all. Siege battles, pursuit battles, and mopping battles, all of them caused great damage.
“Did they call their important master while exhausting us?”
“We’ve been fighting for 5 years with them, we can’t let our guard down against such enemies…”
Jose poked the roaring Noor’s helmet, and a light sound reached Walm’s ears.
“The Heghserk Empire has been in the war for five years and can put in this number of troops. Domestically… well, with some exceptions, we slowly develop our army, now the ones here are all experienced regulars. Even if there is a difference of 6 no, 7,000, it is not a difference that can overturn us.”
“It makes you itch to beat them, right?”
“Though you say so, why it’s shrinking again, huh?”
When Jose was trying to grab something, Barito’s comb moved from side to side. Barito still hadn’t forgotten that he was grabbed there by him before.
“Please forgive me”
Jose made a fool of Barito, but Walm disagreed. It was no exaggeration to say that the two who had experienced several battles had left the rookie position. The overall power of Duwei’s Squad could be said as too high.
But, telling that to them might result in both of them letting their guard down and getting killed in action, and would cause Walm trouble, so he didn’t tell them.
“Stop it there for now. I’ll get into the main subject. The Liguria battalion will be waiting behind, with that Jaff cavalry battalion.”
Squad Commander Duwei made a bomb-like statement. The Highserk Empire, especially Gerard Berger, was said to be good at hammering and anvil tactics, as what Walm knew, he had buried superior troops with pinching and semi-siege from one-wing breakthroughs.
The driving force behind this was Jaff Cavalry Battalion, which was renowned as the strongest in neighboring countries. They were renowned for being the tip of the empire and also as Gerard Berger’s right arm. They loved to defeat enemy cavalry battalions and break open the infantry’s embankment.
Behind it was often a combination of light infantry battalions that provide both assistance and support.
“… Why the Liguria battalion. I mean, we’ve never really worked with any cavalry unit in the battle with Liberitoa.”
Jose asked seriously at no time. Even Walm who was suddenly told to cooperate with the cavalry, got very confused.
There was a small number of cavalry units that joined on the front against Liberitoa, but no battalion-sized cavalry was deployed. The infantry had always been the main force in combat. Up until now, Walm had only spoken several times with cavalry for the purpose of messengers and asking help to disturb enemies.
“It’s a shame, but the light infantry battalion of the advance corps has been exhausted too much. However, you can’t pull out the main force that will confront Myard. And so, the light infantry battalion with experience in the Liguria battalion was selected. This, will be a pain in the ass.”
Squad Commander Duwei, who laughed at everything, had a bitter face. Walm learned that this face might be a bad omen.
“I-is it that dangerous?”
Barito asked, who somehow had his cockscomb lost its energy.
“Yeah, it’ll be dangerous. You have to keep up with the speed of the cavalry. Your heart will about to burst, and your lungs and legs will tremble to the limit, but if you stop, you’ll be swallowed by the following soldiers and your corps will be messed up, and if you fall, you’ll be crushed. The enemy in front of us must be killed while running.”
Squad Commander Duwei’s words were heavy and realistic. The scene could be easily imagined.
“And my squad, will be at the forefront, you know? It happens because Walm always rampaging with 《Strike》, it’s all his fault!!”
Squad Commander who had been rampaging the most, blamed Walm.
“No, no, it’s Squad Commander Duwei who was rampaging!!”
Walm immediately protested, but it wasn’t heard.
“If I’m the only one it’s still okay, but there are two people with 《Strike》, and there’s Willart’s magic, too. It would have been impossible for Platoon Commander Kozuru to hide it anymore.”
According to Walm, the fat platoon leader loved everything moderately. He hated being overly successful and being placed on the dangerous front line. Perhaps he was wetting himself by now.
“I was hit on the shoulder by Battalion Commander Liguria saying “I’m expecting a lot from your squad”. I thought it was strange. When it was supposed to be a meeting with only Squad Commanders and Platoon Commanders. Suddenly the Company Commanders were there. What was that “The most elite squad that my company is proud of”. It was the first time I’ve spoken to Company Commander, you know.”
The trouble was piling up, and the Squad Commander was going wild. By no means, it might be not just another person’s problem, but all Walm could do was to earnestly rest his body until the battle began.