The Four-Countries Alliance was losing a lot of things. Over 10,000 soldiers, head generals, and the supplies that support them. Hugo, the foreign minister who carried Liberitoa’s diplomacy on his back, looked up at the burning layers. A terrifying blue flame was spreading, revealing the Highserk soldiers in the dark.
The burns on the head from the cheeks, which were old wounds, felt hurt. Hugo smiled. Liberitoa was damaged, but the damage on Craist was particularly great. Although uncertain, the loss of the knights was great, two of the “Three Heroes” were heavily injured, and the last one was taken as a prisoner.
“What a bunch of sloppy people. To be burned to death by a ghost…”
Hugo, who was a civil official, didn’t have to be on the frontline. Still, there was some scenery that he couldn’t see without putting himself on the frontline. People come and go in the tent as if it were in a storm, and the chairs and desks left behind were scattered. It was like a house that had been broken in by a thief.
“Hugo-sama, the headquarters must be moved to the back. The Four-Countries Alliance has been pinched and collapsed. It will not last long here either. One of our battalions that stuck to the frontline has been annihilated.”
“It’s a shame, but it can’t be avoided.”
The people, who were valuable assets, were scattered without fulfilling their functions. It was a very unforgivable situation for Hugo. At the same time, the fragility of the Four-Countries Alliance and the viciousness of the Highserk Empire were indescribable.
The general, who was amongst Hugo’s limited pawns, was also burned to death by a surprise attack during the war council. It was also by one soldier, the user of 《Demon Fire》. The dedication of the survivor of the devastated Liguria battalion, to stay amongst the buried corpse for a week and then lurk among the enemy was something Hugo envied.
Hugo regretted that Liberitoa lacked the symbols of the army such as the Jaff Cavalry of Highserk and the Order of Reharzen and the “Three Heroes” of Craist. However, the Liberitoa soldiers weren’t vulnerable either. The soldiers were well-equipped and well-trained. He was trying to retreat from the layer while towing soldiers from other countries who got into the habit of losing.
“Emrid’s Company has successfully secured a retreat.”
“In this situation? He has a great skill.”
Neither flattering nor sarcastic, Hugo praised the company from the bottom of his heart. Even if there were no prominent great people or heroes, soldiers were working desperately to make up for it. Liberitoa wasn’t that hopeless either.
“It is a unit trained at the border with Highserk Empire. They have good adaptability and tenacity.”
“So that their work is not wasted, we need to go now.”
With the escorts solidified his surroundings, Hugo left the camp.
◆
The heavy eyelids opened and Walm looked around. It was a room with no viscera or burnt limbs rolling, which was not similar at all to the last memory.
“You’re awake?”
A soldier sitting deep in a chair called on Walm.
“Is this inside the Sarajevo Fortress? What, what happened?”
“The battle? It’s been a day since then. It’s a big victory for the Highserk Empire. It seems that two battalions have been lost, but the enemy has lost well over 10,000 soldiers and supplies. Now, both positions seem to have returned to the beginning.”
Including the defensive battle in the layers, the death toll of the enemy exceeded 20,000. There were still 30,000 soldiers left, but they were multinational and no one would be dumb enough to try to draw the short straw since the Fortress’ walls hadn’t been breached.
In addition to the Ferrius Front, which Walm also participated in, there were soldiers left in his homeland and Myard. Even if the enemies wanted to forcibly penetrate the Fortress, Walm didn’t think that the Four-Countries Alliance would still have that much power.
“Victory huh…?”
Walm uttered sweet words.
“Yeah, for now. Well, it’s still unpredictable. Anyway, I’m going to report that you’re finally awake. You’re the one with the most achievement in this battle. You mustn’t die. Take enough rest in the room. The water and food are on the shelves. Eat whatever you like.”
After saying so, the soldier left the room. Walm left behind in the room got up from the bed. There was no discomfort in his body. The only problem was the eyes. The left eye seen in the mirror was still muddy. He stepped into the only window and looked out. Many soldiers were engaged in each work, but there was no heavy hectic air like how it was before the battle, and the blood-washing battle until yesterday had disappeared like a lie.
“A victory is still a victory, but the one who survived, only me.”
Walm didn’t feel it because he lost consciousness at the climax. Walm extended one of his arms and poured water into the glass. His body, which was asking for water, absorbed the water. He didn’t feel well. He was so tired. Still, Walm had no choice but to laugh at his body honest that was honest with its desires. He had no intention of being killed. Still, he didn’t go crazy, he didn’t jump to his own grave, he was still alive.
Grabbed the red fruit in the basket and turned it in hand. Such a round shape that was easy to hold with a shiny vermilion color, everyone wanted the sweet fruit that fit in their hands. Walm suddenly opened his mouth and bit the fruit as it was. The juice overflowed from the bitten section and penetrated into the oral cavity. The hungry tongue and the growling stomach were very motivated, a strong sweetness followed by a sour taste was flowing in the oral cavity.