13-2. Chapter 13 (Part 2)
Highserk soldiers rushed to the completely destroyed enemy. There was a rare unit that recovered early from the assault from the cavalry, but it was noticed and was overrun in a blink of an eye.
The effect spread to the scattered surrounding troops. It was now well known, including Walm, that Myard, which lost a lot of its regular troops at the border, was mobilizing a large number of militias.
Seeing the unit with a high proportion of regular troops was destroyed and overrun by Walm and the others, the militias rushed to the hills where more advantageous positions to defend.
“Don’t run away. Save time, if we can stop them here, we’ll win――Guaaagghh!!”
The soldiers who tried to rebuild the formation were standing out too much. But Walm knew that the Highserk soldiers weren’t as friendly as others might think, they would never run through leaving the possibility of being attacked from behind.
The militias, who saw veteran and nimble soldiers literally skewered, collapsed.
“Don’t look at the small fish. Run to the hills!!”
Squad Commander shouted, firing up the others, and the surrounding squads followed him.
Perhaps running and fighting drained the energy, Platoon Commander could only respond with a thin voice. Still, seeing him slashing two Myard soldiers at the throat with a sharp sword technique that could not be imagined coming from that lump of fat, Walm was surprised and changed his opinion about him.
The sound of rubbing armor that raised dirt smoke, swaying up-down-left-right, echoed around. Some soldiers dropped out due to injury or limited physical strength, but the majority continued to run.
The hill was approaching Walm’s sight. The cavalry made an assault, and enemy soldiers were expelled from around the hill. All that remains was a battalion-size unit on the hill and an elite under the enemy’s main force who were defending the camp.
Walm’s eyes saw that the height difference of the wide hills and his positions should be 20 to 30 meters. He started to feel the mountain climbing on his exhausted legs.
With bows and arrows, stones, magic, and everything else, they were trying to stop the Highserk soldiers from trying to make a rush.
Walm’s legs were getting heavier like stones, but the fighting spirit that reached the madness level, had spread throughout the unit.
There were no shields such as standing shields that could prevent attacks from medium and long distances and give them the chance to prioritize their movement speed. After receiving a fireball from the, a soldier who became a mass of flames screamed enemy and rolled down from the hill.
The soldier who received the arrow on his knee was crying while crawling on the ground. Normally, the morale of the unit must have been greatly reduced.
“Advanceeeee!!”
However, fatigue and pain undermined the unit’s reason, and it shifted their mind to function as a killing machine whose sole purpose was to overrun the enemy’s headquarters.
Seeing Ferrius main camp, which had a horse fence in addition to the high places, Walm felt frightened.
“Crush them, make a path for cavalry!! Or It’ll be “our end”!!!”
There was one truth in the words of Squad Commander Duwei, who inspired the unit and intimidated the enemy. If they couldn’t crush them here, the main battalion would be fatally hit, and all the Liguria battalions left behind by the enemy would be destroyed.
The only way to survive was for them to steal the hills and defeat the enemy commander.
“Pulll!!”
” “Ahhhhh, Aaaaaahhhh!!” “
When Jose jumped on the horse fence and screams, the voices of Barito and Noor continued. The fence buried in the ground continued to resist hard, but one by one, joined in.
Of course, the Ferrius soldiers weren’t silent either. They thrust spears into the Highserk soldiers and shot them with arrows to prevent them from eliminating obstacles that protect their base.
Walm pulled the grid-shaped horse fence with all his strength and weight to bring it down to the ground.
Meanwhile, an arrow was approaching Walm’s face. When he bowed his head down, together with a high-pitched sound, a dull pain passed through the cervelliere.
“It’s you huh, wait there. I’ll go right away!!”
Feeling the pain, Walm was angered, and perhaps the archer was upset, he shot the second shot, but it passed over Walm’s head.
“It’s down. Open the way!”
The limit was soon reached. When one place came off, the nearby horse fences were pulled out one after another.
It was the Platoon Commander who gave the order. The whole body was smeared with blood and sweat, and he was breathing hard.
The soldiers, who were about to rush, understood what was coming with the rumbling and screaming voices approaching from behind.
“Jaff Cavalry is here. Except for those who want to be trampled, Moveee!”
In Jose’s words, the soldiers divided into left and right like the road that Moses made in the sea.
In the place where blood and corpses, screams and angry roars, were everywhere., The cavalry battalion called as a battle maniac rushed to breakthrough in a straight line.
The Ferrius soldiers who formed a spearhead to stop them were destroyed by the magic of the magic user riding the horse and crushed in the assault.
A soldier who shot an arrow at Walm was pierced by a lance charge, a large hole was made in his armor and abdomen, and became one of the scattered corpses.
The final assault by the cavalry dragged the enemy into a chaotic crucible.
Then, the other soldiers overthrew the remaining horse fences and breakthrough one after another.
“Don’t miss the enemy commander, kill him here!!”
In the war of this world where the operation of the organization wasn’t that developed, once the chain of command went lost, it wouldn’t be easily restored. If you defeated the commander who was the head of the enemy, the whole army would be dysfunctional.
On the contrary, if you miss the commander here, the army would have the power to recover.
A new target appeared in front of Walm who entered the enemy’s camp while kept swinging his halberd.
It was a group with equipment that was clearly different from the small fry soldiers. Probably the guards of the camp.
“Move, or want me to dig your grave here, hah?!!”
The guards shouted back as Walm gave a word of provocation.
“Shut up!!!”
An enemy soldier holding a longsword with both hands slashed at Walm. Contrary to the tone, the footsteps were fast and the cutting was sharp. Walm pulled out the halberd from the bottom to the top.
The blades intersected, and the high-pitched sound of the crossing iron echoed. Walm’s cutting edge, which he pushed through while activating 《Strike》, cut off one of the soldier’s wrists.
“Uuuurrghhhh”
Surprisingly, without bleeding and showing much pain, he held the longsword with his remaining hand and jumped at Walm.
Walm took a step back and thrust his halberd several times. The soldier held it until the second thrust, but when the third thrust slipped into the soldier’s throat, it cut off the majority of his neck.
Even so, he was a soldier who didn’t fall down instantly, but after he shed bubbling blood from his mouth, he collapsed from his head.
Obviously, his skill wasn’t comparable with a general soldier, but he was a well-trained soldier for sure.
There were more bodies of Highserk soldiers in the surrounding area than ever before. Walm went to look around when he felt the target was definitely close.
“There is a strange group in the back on the left!!”
It was Jose who noticed. Surrounding enemy soldiers were trying hard to push back or keep the spot, but only the group was trying to escape from the other side of the hill to the plains.
“Duwei Squad, stop them!!”
The breathless Platoon Commander Kozuru shouted the name of the squad to which Walm belonged.
“Hah, don’t be crazy!!”
Several groups were trying to descend the hill. Most of them would be decoys trying to escape the commander, but that one group’s desperation was different than others.
“Reinus, Tibird, Danfan!!”
The name of the three idiots was mentioned by the Squad Commander Duwei, but Tibird, the leader of the three idiots, responded seriously at no time.
“It’s impossible, we’re just three people, it’s almost twice in number!”
Squad slashing with no spare power, but the distance between the enemy group and the Walm was only increasing.
“So persistent”
Squad Commander Duwei slashed the two at once with his battle-ax, but that wasn’t enough.
Walm concentrated his mana on his hands targeting the small group blocking his way. He thought that he couldn’t just use a fireball. A group of soldiers with armor covering the whole body tried to interfere.
It was necessary for Walm to spread the fire over a wide area without losing its power.
Walm imagined a fire whirl that burned the capital of his homeland in the previous world.
He strongly imagined what he saw on books, the Internet, and TV. Gently bit his teeth and materialized fire-attribute magic and wind-attribute magic in each of his hands.
Until now, only one type of attribute magic had been used at a time. Curiously, Walm foresaw that using it together would be the best solution here.
The heat that burned the skin wrapped the whole body. Countless winds swirling around Walm’s body.
Not enough. Still not enough.
Saliva was about to drip from the half-open mouth. In a natural way, Walm was demonstrating unprecedented concentration.
It was objectively found that he was defenseless.
“K-kill him!!!”
The enemy commander, who noticed the situation, pointed to Walm and shouted.
“I won’t let you!!”
A few soldiers rushed into Walm as a suicide squad, but Jose, Noor, and Barito stood in the way.
“Walm, Do it!!”
What screamed emotionally was Willart, who never showed any emotions when he killed a person.
When the blue flames rolled up from Walm, it scattered around by the wind.
“He can’t control it? No, but, this is …”
Willart, who was watching over, was confused.
“Wow, what is that!?”
“My hair, it’s burning, Walm-san, I’m on your side.”
“Get away! Or you’ll get involved!”
The criticisms rising from the soldiers around him to Walm soon turned into cheers. Drunk by the flames and wind, five soldiers got burned at once. Fire and wind were some of the things that had been feared by living things since old times.
The flames that burned the skin, the heat that made you want to close your eyes, and the wind shook the vegetation and hair violently.
For the first time, the Ferrius soldiers, who were brave even when attacked by the cavalry and the Squad Commander Duwei’s 《Strike》, were frightened. The flames burned the ground and raised dust as if it were eroding the ground on which Walm walked.
It was as powerful as constantly sprinkling fireballs around. Speaking of problems, terrible fatigue struck Walm. After all, in addition to the magic that he didn’t know what it might be, he had been piling up fatigues since the start of the battle.
Walm’s mana was about to hit the bottom.
“Not yet…”
It was an enemy who escaped from the flames and wind, but had not yet collapsed. In a hazy view, Walm looked at the enemy and swung his halberd with his quivering arm. The blow, which was released with his whole strength, burned through in the form of cutting off the enemy’s troops while scattering the flame.
“Uh, ah, the fire is spreading…”
“Gyaaaa, gaaahhhh”
“Please put it out, put out the fireeee!!”
Dozens of humans were caught in flames and died. It was like a hell. A burning odor remained in Walm’s nasal passages, and screams echoed in his ears.
The enemy’s fighting spirit was finally cut off at the sight as if the gate of hell had been opened.
The fire was spreading even to the group trying to escape. Among the last standing enemy soldiers who continued to extinguish the fire, there was a person who looked particularly prominent.
Clothes with gold embroidery and flashy armor that might only be seen at the ceremony. The sword in his hand had a different luster than iron and silver, and Walm could tell at a glance that it was a sword made of magical silver, “Mithril”.
“The rest is, only you?”
The vigor of the flames and wind that formed hell was about to shrink rapidly.