1. Chapter 1
The scent spread throughout Walm’s nasal passages. It was the smell of human manure and internal organs that he was familiar with.
Although the full clash between the two armies was yet to come, the battlefield had already started.
Crushing each other was the matter of course, the arrows and magic from a long distance that kept attacking the poor soldiers spread their viscera into the air.
Walm’s heart had already beating with tense, and his feet continued to kick the ground. The poor breastplate shook as if to assert itself and made a loud metallic sound.
Walm had already tried his best to put up with the smell for him to breathe efficiently but now, he needed to put up with the sight in front of him. He couldn’t stand both of it anymore and screamed.
“Uwoooooo,Woooooooooooooooooooo,oooooooooooooooooooooooo!”
Words that had no real meaning. If there was, it must be a primitive meaning that inspires oneself and threatens the other party. Walm’s hands held a 2.5-meter-long spear, and his torso and head were protected by dented armor.
The same was true for the people around him. In that place, it was the formal attire. The red-black stains that couldn’t be removed seemed to be one-point fashion, but the substance was a proof of the tragedy of its predecessor. As if the stains that had soaked up told Walm eloquently what happened.
Raizou Takakura, or Walm, the name he got in the new life. And he was at war.
Walm was at war, but it was not as modern as World War I and World War II that he knew from history, where iron, gunpowder, and science and technology were used abundantly.
It was a medieval war, where iron hit another iron, iron hit people body, and the body itself used to hit another body. In a unique way there were 《Magic》, 《Skills》, mysterious creatures, and magic tools/items too. And Walm had tasted all of it.
The man who was once named, Raizou Takakura, received his second life as the third son of a farmer in a world different from the earth.
Walm, who was reborn with a new body and name and enjoyed youth in the fields and soils. It was the draft for war which was waiting for him.
Walm and his family have been given money just enough for preparations and had been on the front lines after a month of training.
If the nation had strength to spare, many years of trained regular soldiers will be driven into war too.
But, it was unrelated to the empire, which was in war all year, and Walm, one of its people. It was determined that a month of training would be sufficient for a large number of infantries.
The rest of the education was on-site education that Walm had experienced in his previous life.
According to Walm, the immediate introduction of OJT (On-the-Job-Training) was the best. After all, if you failed, you lost your life.
Half a year after he was in military service, Walm survived the first battle, and he has already been in the 11th battle.
The one which once was on the same military service group with Walm had mostly disappeared completely. The organs were exposed, the head was crushed, and the whole body was burned by ‘Magic’. There were many variations in how to die, really… there were a wide variety of ways to die.
Thankfully, the enemy would be the one to perform the cremation and burial. It was like coming to a death amusement park. If you didn’t get bored by it, you would start to spit everywhere.
Walm, who enjoyed a peaceful world, did not seem to be able to stay alive even in the first match, but ironically, only Walm remained alive. He was not sure what that happened, but when he realized it, after a few tens of seconds ―― He had no choice but to laugh.
The number killed by Walm was not just a few, it was over dozens. The enemy soldiers would not disappear even if he were crouched, his hands were shaking, and his legs were to lose the strength to move. Even if he vomited to the life that he took for the first time, there was no one waiting for him.
If there was a chance, his comrades would kill the enemy soldiers from the side, but Walm, who had experienced the battlefield many times, already stopped expecting it.
It wasn’t the Highserk Empire, the homeland of Walm, or the God’s guidance that saved him, but the 2.5m spear temporarily lent by the empire and the 90cm longsword he picked up at the battlefield.
In the battlefield everyone was equal. Walm believed so from the bottom of his heart. Death came fairly to all men and women of all ages.
In that kind mess of thought, Walm had reached a distance where he can clearly see the other person’s face.
It was a light infantry of the Liberitoa Trade Federation that Walm was tired of seeing. Although it was an enemy country, they would be a militia like Walm. He speculated that everyone was pale because of anxiety due to lack of experience.
The two armies were approaching the deadly distance cross the spear tip without any signal. The enemy’s spear approached Walm’s body, but it hit the breastplate. While scratching it, he parried with his half body, and the spear deviated.
Walm was exempt from collapsing together. A spear held at the waist was aimed at the enemy soldier’s throat and he thrusted it. The targeted enemy soldier tried to deflect with the pulled back spearhead, but the real aim was the lower body without armor.
The enemy soldier distorted his face when he felt the spear stuck in his thigh. The wound that might had reached the bone caused severe pain to the body and instantly robbed a large amount of blood.
An enemy soldier, who barely held a spear and could not resist the spear that was thrusted by Walm again and again, sank to the ground. There was a slight breath left, but since he fell to the ground in the front line, what was waiting for him was crushing death by the footsteps of the army.
‘Too bad’, Walm turned away from the soldiers who were trampled by both armies.
Another soldier switches to the vacant spot. But even though the soldier was also pale like the last one, Walm felt the soldier that came now was better than before.
The battle with the tip of a spear happened, but it cannot be settled by just that. Walm thought the soldier was a disposable one since it was the front like, but unfortunately the soldier didn’t seem to be a virgin in combat.
The tip of the spear hit violently. The Liberitoa soldier, who flicked the tip of the spear from below and stepped in, smiled convinced of the victory, but Walm bowed and accepted the attack using his head.
Walm wore protective helmets, Cervelliere, on his head. From the frontal bone to the parietal bone, it was protected by a circular bowl made of iron, the neck was protected by the chain, and the temporal region was also protected by a flat plate extending from the bowl to the cheeks.
The spear hit the temple on the left side of Walm but, slipped and deflected upwards.
Walm bit dull pain with his back teeth. He thrusted his spear into the face of a Liberitoa soldier, who was not smiling anymore, twice.
The first thrust was on the cheek, and the second one was a spear tip went through the eyeball, causing fatal damage to the brain. By the time Walm repositioned his spear, the enemy soldier lost his live was like a doll with a broken thread and fall off their feet.
“F**k”
Walm gave off a curse words in a small voice. The battle did not end when at most two people were killed. Enemy soldier jumped out to Walm while he was groaning.
Walm thrusted his spear to intercept the soldier as if he refused to associate with the soldier, who was suddenly came like a bloodthirsty hungry wolf, but the spear was repelled by the armor.
Armored from the feet to the head stands in front of Walm. Considering the equipment, it was a difficult enemy perhaps the commander of ten soldiers or the commander of a small platoon.
The two-handed sword that was unleashed with the momentum approached Walm’s throat.
Abandoned the spear and caught the sword with the round shield that Walm took from his back. Unlike the attack he received up until now, the blow was really heavy. From that blow he felt the high skill of the enemy.
The round shield was scratched diagonally, and the impact left behind caused Walm’s palm to become numb.
Walm learned from experience that it was a bad idea to rest your hands and gave control of the combat to the other party. So, he pulled out the longsword and slashed it from the bottom toward the throat, but it was repelled by the back of the soldier’s hand.
Tilted the round shield to the left to parry the two-handed sword swung down from the top. The shield was scratched again and an intersect of the slash with previous slash could be seen on it.
Walm felt nervous thought that he couldn’t stand the third slash. There were also differences in armor, and if he tried to slash each other, he would inevitably lose.
Walm was ready to step on, folded his shoulders, put his weight on it, and pushed it in with a round shield. It would be a momentary push, but there was also the fact that it was immediately after the big swing, so the enemy soldiers lose their posture slightly behind.
Use the situation where the view blocked by the round shield to push the longsword into the soldier feet from the back of the shield.
The chain hanged down from the waist to thighs, so only the cutting edge pierces the skin, but the enemy soldier who received the sharp longsword leaked his voice.
The soldier flew back while swung down the two-handed sword but seeing that he was not standing on the ground properly, Walm didn’t miss the opportunity.
The slash was slower than the previous speed, and Walm was able to look ahead. He stepped more than the enemy to close the distance and thrusted the blade from below as if he was rub it up with armor.
“Uhhhhh, Aarggh?!”
When the blade entered through the lower jaw of the enemy soldier, it broke open the palate and reached the brain. The enemy soldier who lost his strength momentarily sticked further to the tip of the sword under his own weight. Walm didn’t even have to confirm.
In order to divert the load on the sword, Walm threw it sideways. Everyone was focused about the opponent in front of them, but one of the enemy soldiers noticed Walm.
“The platoon leader?!”
Walm saw the soldiers around him upset. A scream-like shout was heard as the offensive moves accelerated accordingly.
“He’s a Magic User!!!”
When the magical power swirled from the group of enemies, a fireball was released from the hand. Walm reflexively raised his shield and bended to the ground. The fatal destruction that he was afraid of did not come, and it landed a few meters away.
The blast caused the hair to thicken and the skin to become hot. Walm bitterly smiled as he managed to avoid a direct hit with his shield and fellow body. The two who got hit directly were miserable.
Walm’s eyes, which had become accustomed to the battlefield, reflected the misery of his friends. One had his arms burned to the middle and was torn apart, and the other’s head had completely disappeared. Fresh pieces of meat stuck to the helmet he wore, leaving burnt blood.
Some people threw spears at the abominable Magic User, but while being protected by the soldiers around them, they slipped into the formation. The enemy Magic User soldier was cherished like their own first son, and Walm spitted out, saying he was really envious.
Walm learned that even in a world where one in ten has some magic aptitude, the one who could use Magic were treated as rare and were more valuable than ordinary soldiers.
‘Most of the time, they support from the side or back of the infantry, but probably the Liberitoa Trade Federation feel the unfavorable situation, now they mix them inside the infantry’, Walm thought so.
Mixing with the hustle and bustle of people, Walm could hear the roaring sound of explosions and the wind noise of wind Magic. Seeing an ice spear extending from the back of a friendly army piercing the enemy’s shoulder with a shield, Walm slammed his longsword horizontally so as not to miss an opportunity.
The longsword broke through the defenses of the soldier arms and slashed his throat.
Blood spilled out like a broken water pipe, and the enemy soldiers squeezed their throats in distress, but as Walm expected, they only extended their lifespan by tens of seconds.
Furthermore, when the third person that Walm killed on that day, a voice that determined the war situation that he had been waiting for roared from a distance.
“Friendly troops have pushed the sides!”
While the infantries were holding up in front, the light infantry overtook the enemy’s side forces and assaulted the main force from the side.
In the unfavorable situation, whatever the commander of Liberitoa army did, couldn’t turn over the situation anymore, he did a bad job as a commander.
“Keep pressing. The enemy formation has collapsed!!!”
When the voice of the squad leader who dedicated his blood-soaked sword to heaven echoed, the soldiers responded with as much roar as possible.
The enemies who stood up in the onslaught from the front and sides tried hard to rebuild their formation, but the collapsed unit began to run, and the formation was torn into pieces.
The semi-siege from the one-wing breakthrough that Walm experienced many times was being completed. It was a tactic that the Highserk Empire was good at.
The left side of the enemy which was left on the battlefield was a soldier whose command system did not work properly, a soldier who continued to fight despite the situation, and a soldier who prioritized escape.
And so, the soldier of Highserk empire started to attack the Liberitoa army which lost the function as an army, lost half of the soldiers, and were running all over place to save their own life.
Arrows and spears attacked soldiers who threw away their weapons and shields and the one who tried to escape. The soldiers who caught up on their run was thrusted with a war hammer into the back of their heads.
Some of the old strong men could hold a few numbers of the Highserk troops, but now they were beaten and slaughtered from the top of their armor, or they attacked with five or six spears together, and so their last resistance was just a vain manner.
In a two-hour battle, the Liberitoa Trade Federation lost 60% of its troops, and the conflicting borders were greatly inclined to the Highserk Empire.