I’ve just finished reading the LN, and in short, the Illustrator for this LN is a “thigh” lover, so juicy. That’s my conclusion.
I’ve updated ch 1, and put Illustration there (As it’s available for public) (As long as it’s been shared in public I’ll put it, the one that has not been shared, I’m not gonna put it, since this is still a new LN, I hope that the one, curious and want to see more of the Illustrations, buy the LN)
As the other chs before this, I’ve edited all of it. so it should be better now…
The manga, it’ll start in 9 days.
Also, this ch is too long for me, it’s only about halfway, so I decided to split it into 2 part.
6-1. Chapter 6 (Part 1)
The Highserk Imperial Army, which departed from Sarria City, divided the army into three major groups. It was because Sarria City, which was a key point on the borderline, couldn’t fit all of the armies. All three routes leading to Myard territory were targeted. The corps to which Walm belonged would be the one to capture one of the forts that blocked the main road.
Myard seemed to be waiting for reinforcements from the Ferrius Kingdom. On the other hand, the squad was tasked with reducing the number of Myard troops before the arrival of Ferrius reinforcements, dropping branch castles around the territory.
The fort towering at the border was a mountain castle. The mountain passage is blocked by a castle gate and walls, and forts were built on the left and right mountains. According to prior information from the sights, 3000 soldiers are guarding it. From the position of the range of the bow and magic, you could see the profoundness of the towering walls. Perhaps it was about 3 meters high and 6 or 7 meters wide.
The siege battle was roughly divided into two. Whether it would be a short-term battle or a long-term battle, no one knew, but Walm thought that this time it must be a short-term battle with a forced march that would move the soldiers’ feet. The gate would be attacked by the Sarria battalion, and the Ligurian battalion, to which Duwei’s squad belonged, would be in charge of the left wall.
“Walm, Jose, you guys bring the standing shield. I’ll lend you the new recruits, Noor and Barito, use them well. Willart, shoots fire magic at the walls. As for the others, do as usual.”
The commander of the Duwei’s squad struck vigorously with a shield that could hide two people. Walm was also saved by the shield when they went to attack a fort before. In a world where there was a great deal of variation in individual firepower due to magic and skills, it could be said as essential equipment for reducing the damage. Humans had a finite amount of mana, so as they used magic like it was ammunition, it should be an effective tactic to solidify defenses and made them shoot magic wastefully from a distance.
Items made with the same standards were carried with the wagon’s bed. There, a bunch of tied-up bamboos was also prepared. When Walm lifted it as a test, it put a heavyweight on both hands. Heavier than he had imagined. If you could look at the bamboo from above, you might know why. The nodes were hollowed out and it was filled with soil. The bamboo shield was often used in Walm’s previous world, and their defense power was enough to stop even the bullets of matchlock guns that could penetrate the armor.
“A’right, come.”
The recruits who were called by Jose, rushed nearby. Walm was accustomed to pairing with Jose, but it was the first time for a quartet including recruits.
Although not trembling, the faces of the two, the male and female recruits, were blue, especially the young man with comb-like hair, his face looked as if he was about to vomit. The girl’s face was tense, but she managed to suppress her expression. Jose, who laughed, suddenly grabbed the young man’s crotch.
“Uhiii, W-what are you doing?”
Barito raised a voice of protest, but Jose had no remorse. Walm smiled bitterly as if he was astonished.
“Oi, oi, it’s shrinking.”
Apparently, Jose checked the condition of Barito’s junior and confirmed that he was extremely nervous. Jose then turned his gaze to Noor.
“I-I’m fine. In the first place, I don’t have one.”
Jose, who was turned down, looked a little lonely. In the first place, touching that area was completely sexual harassment. As expected, even Walm would prevent such an act.
“This is also the first for me, to have a full-scale siege battle. But this time we’re preparing carefully. I know that we’re on the front line, but still, we need to be smart. The squad leader ordered us to fill the empty moat. He said that the height of the castle wall should be reduced. Rest assured, it’s not gonna be a melee battle suddenly. “
Hearing Jose’s words, the two looked at each other. The complexion seemed to have improved a little. The plan was to fill the empty moat, reduce the height of the castle wall with soil, and use it as a ladder to take over the mountain castle at once. It would be a time-consuming task if all done by human power, but unlike the previous world of Walm, there was a convenient thing called “Magic” in this world, and you could quickly attack the castle.
“If an enemy comes, Walm will smash them. He may look like a random person you may find in a village, but he’s a hand-to-hand combat professional who has killed dozens of people. The equipment he’s wearing now is mostly what he picked from the soldier he has killed.”
Jose hit Walm’s shoulder. The two looked at him once again, and their facial expressions were cramped and they took a distance right away. After all, the one they had believed was harmless, was actually a serial killer, a psychopath.
“Don’t say it as if I’m a battle maniac. It can’t be helped. There wasn’t any good equipment provided for us who join in as military service. And anyway, none of the owners were protesting.”
Ironically, Walm was better dressed and had more money after being put into the war. He finally understood the reason of the third and fourth sons of someone living in a poverty-stricken rural area who was dreaming of getting rich, would most want to go to the battlefield. However, the reality wasn’t so sweet. At first, it was dashing, but when the battle began, many exposed their viscera while calling their mother’s name, and many were stabbed to death without even being able to deal any proper hit to the enemy.
It was ironic for Walm, who had lived a cultural life in his previous life and learned human rights, whether good or bad, he had completed a rite of passage, and finally adapted to this new world.
“Have you finished your elegant introduction? It’s time. Let’s go…”
A light trumpet could be heard before the Squad Commander Duwei finished his words.
“It’s time to start. Good luck.”
Following the trumpet, a drum rang from behind, it was a signal to advance.
Walm lifted the shield with both hands and move forward. Behind it was soldiers who were carrying the straw mat, no, straw bag used for grains and salt, but this time the contents were all soil.
The stubbornly reinforced shield was terribly heavy and rejected by the whole body, but could not be parted. Walm had experienced that the gratitude for bringing it would be demonstrated if he walked past 200m.
The first shot was an arrow. Arrows shot from the mountains one after another to extend the flight distance. The impact was sparse due to individual differences of strength and skill, but the accuracy increased as the soldiers got closer.
“Uuh ―― “
An arrow with a faint light that clearly separates it from the others flew in a straight line. A soldier belonging to the next squad moaned briefly and collapsed.
“Don’t expose the key points. Be wary, they have someone with《Hard Shoot》.”
An experienced squad leader shouted. It was a 《Skill》, innate talent or the result of hard training.
Turns out, there are people like Squad Commander Duwei.
Walm reluctantly resolved himself, as he decided some people had powers beyond humanity, other than the one with Magic.
The arrowhead bit into the shoulder and upper arm, and the soldier spat a curse.
Walm bit his teeth. Based on his experience, it was still too slow, just a welcome party, soon the other types of troops would start coming. In fact, within minutes, magic was rushing in one after another. Fireballs, ice spears, earth cannonballs, and more.
“Incomingggg!”
A few seconds after Jose gave a word of caution, a water bullet hit the shield directly. The impact hit the supporting hand. Walm scolded the recruit, Noor, for involuntarily dropping the shield.
“Don’t drop the shield!! Even if your arm is torn! It’s better than dying.”
Coldwater had sprinkled around and washed away the sweaty armor. In truth, it felt refreshing.
“They’re so kind. It seems that they want to play with water as a welcome sign.”
Walm’s words seemed to have been moderately received, and laughter leaked from the three idiots and the soldiers around him through the gaps in their clenched teeth. The recruits, Noor and Barito were also laughing slightly. The shield was noisy and the sound was uninterrupted. Not only arrows and stones but also magic, and even excrement thrown.
What a dirty fellow
Walm resented.
The distance was getting closer to the point where you can see the other person’s face. It wasn’t Highserk’s soldiers if they didn’t attack back.
Arrows and magic were shot through the gaps in the shield. Walm was delighted to see the soldiers swallowed by the fireball dancing down from the top of the wall.
“Good!! Willart, good!!”
When Walm praised the magic user, Willart, who fired the fireball, he smiled back without saying a word.
Probably to crush powerful manpower, attacks were concentrated near Willart.
“Oh, you’re in it now”
A fist-sized stone thrown by the angry squad leader in anger sank into the shooter’s face, causing him to fall.
“Wait there, dumb ass!! I’ll twist all of your entrails and mix them with filth.”
When the Squad Commander Duwei roared, the effect was outstanding. The firepower was then concentrated on him as if he was the fated enemy.
“Now. Fill it up quickly.”
Despite the flood of attacks, the squad leader gave an order. Usually, he was a rough person, a muscle-brain, but when it comes to fighting, his brain would move like crazy.
The empty moat was filled with earth attribute magic, about half of the wall. That was the plan.
The foot soldiers put their shields to the ground, and in the manner of a bucket relay, they were relaying the straw bag and poured the soil inside into the empty moat. Another squad seemed to have someone with an earth attribute magic, so that person scooped the soil from under the wall and filled the empty moat.
The enemy was desperate not to break the defense network. Then, a fireball that jumped through the gap in the shield swallowed two soldiers next to it. Blood and flesh were scattered around by the explosion, the flesh touched the surrounding soldiers, and their body was wrapped in flames, and finally, the soldier rolled on the ground.
A friendly soldier covered the fire with soil and extinguished the fire, but arrows and stones were concentrated at the hole where the defense was open. “Take the initiative to anger the people”, you could say, it was one of the truths on the battlefield. Walm remembered his previous world history teacher often telling him that word.
Then, Walm saw a soldier preparing to throw something through the gap in the shield. The aim was for sure Noor, who was working while being smeared with soil and sweat. Not long, the rock that was thrown headed straight toward Noor.
“Eck, ah!?”
There, Walm grabbed Noor’s neck and pulled it back, the rock passed through the place where the head was just a moment ago.
“T-thank you very much”
Noor, who opened her eyes, gave her thanks. Walm gave her advice.
“Don’t worry. More than that, Don’t focus only there. Remember, the enemy is on top.”
Noor nodded back many times.
Walm was taking care of Noor, and Jose, who was always moving together in pair with him, was taking care of Barito. Barito was left to Jose, who could handle everything smoothly, so he should be safe. As for Walm, he was being careful not to kill his first junior.
The work continued, and two hours after the start of the war, the empty moat was filled to one-third of the wall. The squad was exhausted. Only Squad Commander Duwei was fine. Seeing so, Walm suspected he actually had other skills.
“They’ve come. It’s the raid unit.”
As Squad Commander Duwei murmured so, Walm turned to the edge of his field of vision, a new battalion was approaching from behind. Unlike other battalions, it was a preserved unit.
“It’s an infantry battalion in the Sarria City.”
The squinting Jose determined which battalion it was.
“Sending former compatriots as a raid unit, it seems Commander Berger has a bad hobby.”
The soldiers around agreed.
“It hasn’t reached the wall yet, are we going to set up a ladder?”
Noor raised a question. The answer was immediately demonstrated before Walm answered the question. A group of people wrapped in armor jumped into the base of the wall.
“They’re here!!”
Soldiers in the ramparts scream hard to alert others to danger, but it was already too late. This was because the soil was piled up to the height of the wall by the earth attribute magic, and the Sarria infantry battalion started to rush, using that as a foothold. Furthermore, the adjacent castle wall collapsed over several tens of meters due to the underground space created by the earth attribute magic. It was a sapping operation, just this one with the help of earth attribute magic.
Walm roared in his heart. That performance was indeed something you should praise.
TN: Here, an image of the character design of the new recruits, Barito and Noor