52. Chapter 52
Walm was ordered to wait, but Ayane and Maia, who could use recovery magic, started doing treatment in a corner of the castle as soon as they arrived.
Unlike fighting with humans, the people’s injuries ranged from bruises to lacerations, bites, poisons, and many more. The difference in treatments put pressure on medical resources.
Those who had experience with medical techniques were mobilized even if they only knew a little. The injured were lined in parallel and the treatment proceeded. The cobblestone room quickly overflowed with many odors, and the floor got dirty with filths and blood.
It was drained into the sewer in the castle, but it overflowed due to pieces of meat and hair, and Walm was forced to clear the blockage with wind magic.
If the mana ran out, you could rest until the mana returned, but there were just too many injured, in particular, the refugees. As the number was high, not all could receive adequate treatment.
“If only I’ve more mana…”
Ayane regretfully looked to the ground. Walm called out to the lamenting girl.
“You can cast a healing spell on more than 100 people. Hoping more than that is just too greedy.”
An average healing magician, even the one classified as “excellent” could only heal as many as 10 people, and that was without considering whether the magic saved a life or not.
“There’s not enough medicine or herbs. Even boiling water too…”
Even Maia, who was always showing a strong appearance to Walm, spoke with a soft noise.
“Is taking from the well no good?”
Water was in high demand. It was a natural situation that could have happened if there were far more people in a place crossing the maximum capacity.
“Then, I’ll make hot water with water magic and fire magic.”
“You have three attributes?”
Ayane said with a surprised expression. Only fire and wind magic were used in battle. Of course, she would be surprised.
“The affinity in the water attribute is too low, it can’t be used in battle. But, this reminds me of the past. I used to be treated as a portable water vessel by the members of my previous squad.”
“……”
“What happened? Are you tired? Is it because of mana depletion?”
Although there were individual differences, fatigue caused by lack of mana was most likely accompanied by nausea and dizziness. Walm asked if Ayane, who was silent, was also due to it.
“No, I’m okay.”
If she forces herself, she’ll fall. That’s just putting the priorities backward…
Should I force her to take a break?
While Walm thought so, Maia presented him with an empty water bottle.
“Walm-san, please.”
Their eyes were burning with a sense of mission.
If I don’t forcefully drag her, she won’t leave the treatment center for sure.
Seeing it, Walm gave up and decided to compromise.
“Don’t overdo it. If you feel dizzy or sick, be sure to take a rest. After all, it takes time for the mana to return. Understand?”
Hearing that the two nodded, and after confirming it, Walm concentrated on his work. He wanted to believe that no assassin would come in this situation, but it wasn’t 100%.
So, he asked Moritz and the four escorts to remain vigilant.
“I never thought that Walm-dono could use water magic.”
“When I return to my room, I’ll brew fruit tea for you.”
“It’s an honor. By the way, form where were the fruits?”
“When I left Sarajevo Fortress, I took some that were left behind.”
The Sarajevo Fortress, which was in an extremely chaotic situation, many supplies couldn’t be brought as the people didn’t have enough time, and so many were abandoned.
Walm packed as much as he could into the magic bag, including supplies for high-ranking officers.
Walm thought that he should procure it for better use.
Walm didn’t think that the method of collecting supplies taking advantage of the turmoil at the time of retreat, taught by the “dark-skinned bad friend” who was in the former squad, would be useful.
“Well, Walm-dono is really a diligent person.”
Saying so, Moritz laughed a little and returned to work.
Treatment continued until the sun went down, and Walm returned to the waiting room with exhaustion. Walm also consumed mana more than expected, since there was a need for boiling utensils many times.
Moritz arranged a long desk with food from inside the castle. Black bread that looked hard like steel, crushed horse meat and potato soup, and roasted orc heads.
“Oh, o…”
Seeing the orc heads, Walm hardened. He knew there were edible monsters, but he didn’t think the day when such a thing would be lined up in front of him, would come this soon.
On the battlefield, soldiers sometimes ate monster meats during food shortages, but Walm had always been on the front lines killing many.
Even though he needed to be in an area full of deaths, where it was difficult to expect the abundant support of the friendly forces, it was possible to collect all the supplies of the enemies and barter the loots.
Regardless of the army or battalion, one thing was for sure, the Duwei squad wasn’t in trouble about food.
Walm took a cup of fruit tea brewed for everyone, and drank it to prepare himself.
“Is it roasted orc? It’s been a long time since I have it.”
Moritz threw the orc meat to the mouth without hesitation.
F*ck! “God”, why You must do this to me…
Walm shouted in his heart a name that he himself didn’t know for sure about the existence.
Oh right, he has the “skill”….
Moritz, who was resistant to poison, was forced to eat various insects and poisonous monsters to strengthen his 《Skill》.  Remembering that, Walm was convinced that Moritz was fine with eating orc meat because he was a bizarre food enjoyer.
Then, Walm looked at the other four escorts. But they didn’t seem to hesitate and were eating the orc meats with a smile. Once again, Walm cursed the absurd reality.
Sh*t! Seriously…
So Walm turned his hopes toward Ayane.
If it’s her, she’ll definitely show rejection to bizar――
“…..”
The faint expectations were betrayed. Ayane was chewing the orc’s ears, happily enjoying it with Maia.
“It’s been a long time. You see, it’s the first monster I ate after dismantling together with my childhood friends during training in the forest.”
“You must be together with Yuuto-sama, Makoto-sama, and Johanna-sama at the time, right?”
The girls were remembering distant memories. Usually seeing such a scene, would make Walm feel lonely and sad too, but now couldn’t afford to care. Moreover, the names mentioned were just the names of those who were on Walm’s killing list.  It would’ve damaged Walm’s mental if only there wasn’t a roasted orc head in front of him.
“I-is that so?”
Walm took a plate after he calmed himself. Then, someone placed something that made a slightly dull sound.
It was the orc’s nose and tongue that were placed on the plate.
“Come, have a bite, this is the delicious part.”
Walm kept himself calm as the demon fire was on the verge of overflowing. Even though his subordinates showed their kindness, somehow he felt betrayed.
What. What should I do? Damn! I can’t earn any more time…
Walm prepared himself whether he wanted to or not, and lifted the orc’s nose with a fork.
The octagonal shape looked gruesome. The texture looked close to rubber but softer. Strangely the scent of fragrance induced the appetite and as it was approaching the mouth, the disgust he felt was gone.
As soon as it was put inside the mouth, at once, Walm chewed.
“…”
The saltiness enhances the taste of the meat with just the right amount of elasticity that wasn’t too hard. It was gelatinous meat. Walm didn’t want to admit it, but it was delicious.
“It’s delicious”
When Walm leaked out such words and looked up, he realized everyone’s eyes were gathered at him.
“What are you looking at? Eat quickly and go to bed. The real battle will start from tomorrow.”
Walm said so angrily to move everyone’s eyes from him and resumed eating. He could hear everyone laughing and it was clear that even Maia was laughing.
Walm drank the fruit tea and exhaled. He didn’t think that they would laugh at each other even if they all should know that the monster wave was approaching and that not all the people here were from the same countries. He understood that they all just wanted to get rid of such heavy feelings and relax now.
All of them knew that hell would continue from tomorrow――