“Retreat support!? What a joke.”
Jose was surprised at the unexpected words given by Squad Commander Duwei.
“I was skeptical of my ears and asked the platoon commander for more details, and I was even more surprised. The Ferrius Kingdom, the Craist Kingdom, the Liberitoa Trade Federation, and the remnants of the Principality of Myard have joined hands.”
“Eh? Is that mean, an alliance of four countries?”
Noor asked with a dumb look. After all, the four neighboring countries weren’t on good terms and should have been in tension against each other. And now, suddenly, it became they became good friends. It was difficult for Walm not to be surprised too.
“That’s right. The onslaught destroyed a portion of the Sarria battalion, and the other battalions are retreating while engaging.”
“How many troops are there?”
“As a mere infantry, I would like to say, you don’t need to care about it, but well, the general army seems to exceed 60,000.”
“6-60,000?”
Barito’s mouth remained open and didn’t close. The total number of soldiers in the Ferius front was only 16,000. Even with the reinforcements from the Myard front and the from the capital, it would be good if 23,000 to 24,000 people could be gathered.
“We will gradually withdraw as we keep the defense. The real battlefield will be around the Sarajevo fortress on the border of Myrad. We may lack troops so the fortress won’t be able to functions properly, but as long as we have the plundered supplies and troops. Even if we don’t win, we may not lose either. “
“Are we going to let go of the mine?”
Noor asked if the mine they took the other would be a waste. Walm agreed. It sounded like a joke that he paid for it with blood and flesh, but in the end, the mine he had painstakingly taken over, must be returned to the enemies.
“It can’t be helped. Can you deal with 60,000 soldiers in the field? Well, I don’t think it’ll be returned for free.”
With that roaring sound, the mine rumbled and some dust rose to the air, as if it knew what would the soldiers do.
“Oh, we’re going to drop the roof.”
Jose clapped his hand as if he was convinced.
“That’s right. We’ll let the prisoners carry the supplies and goods here. At first, there was a plan to kill them all, but it seems they’ll be moved in one of the old castles in Myard and used as a serf.”
Walm didn’t want to kill all the non-resisting POWs. So, he was relieved with the decision.
“That’s all. The Liguria battalion will be the support of the retreating allies in the mine. It’s better than usual because it’s a defensive battle, but if you relax too much, you’ll be left behind by our allies. Don’t forget that.”
◆
Four days after the military meeting, the Four-Countries Alliance was finally about to rush to the mine defended by Walm. The enemy’s main force was the familiar Liberitoa Trade Federation.
“Jose, don’t let the ladder hang!”
Jose, who was on Walm’s right hand, grabbed the tip of the ladder and pulled it down. The Liberitoa soldier, who had climbed halfway, fell to the ground while fluttering his limbs in the air.
Walm dropped a rock the same size as a human torso at the soldier directly below. Rocks that fall while crushing part of the ladder reduced the fighting ability of some soldiers.
“Throw more, there’s plenty of it.”
The stones with the minerals carried out from the mine turned into excellent throwing weapons.
The Liberitoa army commander who was well-dressed in good armor was a good target for throwing. Only the head was protected with a shield, but due to countless throws, the surface became uneven and his movement became dull.
When the stone thrown by Squad Commander Duwei hit there, the commander of the Liberitoa army fell to the ground.
The other enemies weren’t silent either. The Highserk soldiers were hurt by the arrows that jumped in intermittently.
“It’s a fireball!!”
Immediately after someone shouted, a flame danced in the wall passage and a soldier collapsed without screaming.
“Too late. His face got burned.”
The soldiers gave up their compatriots and began shooting arrows at the enemies below.
“Walm, the enemy is gaining momentum on the left. Go and give a greeting.”
It wasn’t the Squad Commander Duwei but the fat Platoon Commander Kozuru who gave the order.
Walm ran through the wall passages where the Duwei’s squad was, and arrived at where the next squad was. Certainly, the enemy was moving violently, and countless soldiers were rushing under the wall passage.
“I’ll use it.”
When Walm gave a warning, the surrounding soldiers rolled away to keep a distance.
“Evacuate!! Or you’ll get involved!!”
Never did Walm ever think that he would be treated like an uncontrollable weapon, but he didn’t care and activated 《Demon Fire》.
The mask quivered to rejoice. Meanwhile, a Liberitoa soldier screamed when he noticed Walm leaning forward.
“I-it’s the user of 《Demon Fire》eeeeecckk!!!!”
“Don’t let him use it, kill him!!”
There was a soldier holding a bow targeting Walm, but it was a step late. As the hot air ran around, it also scattered a fierce flame.
“Gyaa,aaaaAAA!!!”
“It’s, hot, Shiiiit! It won’t disappear!!”
“Retreat, retreaaaat!!”
After seeing more than 30 people wrapped in fire, the Liberitoa soldiers retreated. Those who were drunk by the fire and those who were distant and had some resistance managed to extinguish the fire and escape.
In the end, about 20 people were killed by 《Demon Fire》.
A blue fire illuminated the battlefield with corpses. A strange odor that burned a human pierced the nasal cavity. It was the smell that Walm had become accustomed to sniffing.
About twice as many people would have injured trachea or skin by now. Although releasing at maximum firepower would have doubled the damage, Walm was told by Platoon Commander Kozuru to maintain his mana and increase the number of injured enemies.
“No matter how many times I see it, it’s terrible.”
“I’m glad he is on our side. Thanks.”
The evacuated friendly soldiers hit Walm’s shoulder one after another.
“Prioritize stone replenishment and treatment of the injured now. The enemy is afraid of the《Fire of Hell Gate》, since it even burned their commander.”
Walm returned to the place where Duwei’s squad was in charge. In addition to the devastation of the left-wing, the heavily damaged soldiers of Liberitoa Trade Federation seemed to retreat, preparing a new formation.
TN: In the raw, it’s 《冥府の誘い火》, which literally mean, Fire that invites you to the netherworld/hell. But, well, I think 《Fire of Hell Gate》is good, I couldn’t come up with a better name.