Justus, a Company Commander of an infantry unit of Highserk Army. After graduating from military school, he led a platoon on the Kanoa Front and the First battle on the Myard Border, and was promoted to Company Commander.
But the battle history of Justus, which had been going well, faded from around this time. Continuous battle with Myard, then Ferrius, Justus’s Company were almost always forced to struggle in the front. He had never been in a situation like this as everything ended well, up until he became a Company Commander.
Over the past year, as a result of dealing with dead soldiers during the invasion of Myard, the march was delayed, and his company was counterattacked in the battle with Ferrius by their cavalry unit.
The battle continued at Sarajevo Fortress, but the defense layer he was in charge of fell due to the onslaught of the Craist Kingdom Army. He retreated his troops while overcoming the Holy Attack of the “Three Heroes” on the trenches and ridges. He managed to stay alive, but lost half of his troops.
An outbreak happened and he went to Dandurg castle. After his company was replenished by former Myard soldiers, he worked to reduce monsters at the outer edge of Dandurg Castle, but since most of the soldiers worked alone to get rid of as many monsters as they could, he was almost isolated at the deadly place and left behind.
When the siege started at Dandurg Castle and the retreat was announced, Justus was ordered to do his duty as a soldier, to serve himself to his homeland.
Speaking of responsibility, it was for sure a heavy responsibility, but in the current situation where the plan to rebuild the defense line in Kanoa was being made, he couldn’t refute the order he was given. Since he got the order, he was struck by the fact that he was just a human resource that could be replaced even if he was dead.
Speaking of what he got from this crisis, it was the position of the Wartime Battalion Commander, that allowed him to command of half of the Myard people. How valuable was the position of the temporary Battalion Commander in this battle? Even Justus didn’t feel that happy.
Confidentiality was emphasized, and most of the Company Commanders and the ones above that rank were gathered at the headquarters, albeit for a short period before the change. Remaining in the ramparts were those who, like Justus, was chosen to be among the last to retreat. A consumable item that had a certain level of command ability and didn’t affect the survival of the Highserk Empire even if it was lost.
It was ironic that Justus, who also held control of the soldiers and had close contact with the Myard soldiers and the militia, had won a certain level of trust, but was forced to take command of a retreating battle in which the Myard people themselves were treated as offerings, the sacrifice for the greater good.
Even for a short time, not many people were willing to abandon their companions who had been fighting together with you. Still, as a soldier, you had to do it if necessary. It was supposed to be that.
“What a joke”
How happy he would be if it were a hallucination, the castle tower burned down by Dragon Breath was packed with the brains and limbs of the brigade. Under the siege, the loss of the chain of command meant defeat was inevitable.
The problem was that the enemy wasn’t of the human race. He had no choice but to break through the siege with his company at the core, as the opponents were the monsters that didn’t have the concept of surrender.
Fortunately, or not, the Flame Emperor Dragon kept moving further, invading his homeland, ignoring Dandurg Castle, and half of the surrounding monsters were following it.
The collapsed walls were flooded with monsters and the siege was now in an uneven situation. It was the last chance to run away.
“Relay the―― “
Upon issuing an order, Justus’s eyes caught a group of people continuing to reinforce the collapsed walls. The group was a mix of militia and prisoners of war who could only be described as miscellaneous.
“What? Are you stupid?”
Justus couldn’t stand it. The half-destroyed wall needed a battalion scale unit to support it. That was common sense. Considering the reserve, it will take twice as many.
The groups collided. The group that was supposed to be overrun by monsters and collapse at any moment, was continuing to endure.
Seeing the scene, Justus could help but wonder why could they fight in this situation. But he didn’t see any battalion commanders.
As Justus was fascinated, the walls were once again engulfed in fire. Unlike the devastating fiery flames of the Flame Emperor Dragon, it was blue flame. He heard the talk of the blue flame that would occasionally appear and thought that the purpose of such a story was to improve morale during the war.
And now the blue flame was in front of him, it was real. Justus looked to the source of it and found a soldier, a “Knight” who was freely manipulating “Fire of Hell Gate”. The monsters were pushed back.
“《Demon Fire》, huh?”
Invited by the heat and the blue flame, the monsters were hit by the fire and burned like a bug. In a siege that had neither a sure retreat nor a backlog, it was nothing more than a suicide act.
Still, Justus thought that if they had that blue flame, they might be able to endure the attack.
“Send a messenger to the guards of the ramparts in each direction!! Bring some soldiers from the garrison and protect the eastern wall!!”
When he noticed, it was as if he had found hope to break through the dire situation.
“While holding the eastern side, gather the reserve unit in the castle. Gather the remaining platoon leaders. Move now! Don’t waste a second if you don’t want to die!!”
In the command of Justus, the messengers were scattered.
Justus understood that it was an act exceeding his authority. However, the confusion didn’t subside. If no one made a move, the group would remain like a wild crowd. If a general above Justus survived, he could take over the command. If he were to be punished, so be it. His only wish was to stay alive.
Right now, he was being driven to the extent as if there was no tomorrow. Justus, who was evaluated by his superiors as someone with a lack of courage, found himself smiling.
“Hah, why am I laughing? Especially in this situation…”
As if the blood, fire, and iron were blessing Justus, the muddy world felt vivid more than ever.
◆
Every time Fleck swung the large shield reinforced with “Iron Wall”, some kind of meat pieces flew off. The orc that was about to be struck from the front was crushed with a shield bash, and the goblin’s heart was pierced with a sharp tip of the shield. Bone crushed in Fleck’s hand, and the sensation of crushing the organs was transmitted. Then, used boots to crush the skeleton that had climbed into the wall.
Blunt weapons had excellent succession capabilities. It couldn’t lose its sharpness, it wouldn’t be dull, only the fear of breaking in rare cases.
In the mission with his party, the vanguard was usually filled by Al, Fleck, and Lefty. Lefty, was the scout of the party because of his wide field of vision and nimble movements.
Lefty was out of the party with Leethia. And, Fleck had lost one eye in a battle with the Highserk soldier with the skill 《Strike》.
The reaction on one side was delayed by all means. A “Bicorn” with two twisting horns dexterously trampled the corpse and rushed in from the side. Fleck sank his body and prepared for the shock.
The large shield and the twisted horns rubbed against each other, scattering jarring noise. The impact of the bicorn body weakened the grip strength, the posture deviated, and the boots were scraped.
“Nnnnnn, uuUUUUGGHH!!”
If Fleck didn’t lose one of his eyeballs, the bicorn would have been beaten to death with his great shield before it could jump into him. There was no decisive factor once he was put in this situation.
He could hold the shield with one hand to pull out the short sword at the waist, but he wasn’t confident in holding the bicorn. He would be pushed out for sure. The snarling Bicorn tried to push Fleck down, but suddenly the monster relaxed its body.
A halberd extending from the side was digging off the front leg of the bicorn. Fleck pulled out the short sword on his waist, and thrust the sword tip through its lower jaw.
Saliva and blood were sprinkled in the air, and the bicorn collapsed on the ground. Flcek lifted his shield slightly, knocked it down on its head, and stabbed the sword once more.
At the time, a werewolf was approaching from the front, but an arrow pierced the temporal region and it collapsed from the knee. The familiar arrow belonged to Amy.
“Sorry and thanks.”
Freck thanked Amy and the halberd user. Fleck, who was slightly free, followed the point where the halberd extended, and there was a Highserk soldier called Walm.
He was a strong enemy even in skirmishes in the forest, but his skill was different compared to that time. Now, he could use magic and had a skill called 《Demon Fire》.
Fleck never imagined that there would be a time for him to thank his former enemies again, including questions and answers at the gates. Life was really strange, he thought.
He didn’t get a reply from the “Knight”, as the man hooked the lizardmen’s arm with the halberd, which he still stretched, and helped the other comrades.
One of the man’s eyes was muddy. He should have lost half of his sight, just like Fleck. But it felt as if he has a wide field of view that no one would believe he had a handicap.
Fleck didn’t know if it was because of the difference in the number of deadly battles or the difference in talent.
But, one thing for sure, he was ashamed to use “one eye” as an excuse. Sure, he couldn’t do the same right now. Still, he believed if he could gather more experience, step by step he would surely catch up with the halberd user.
There was no problem with the training partner. He could train as much as he wanted, after all in front of him was the sea of monsters.
Fleck raised his voice and welcomed the monster.