Repeatedly destroying roads and bridges, the Liguria battalion was about to reach the meeting point, Sarajevo Fortress.
The abandonment of the occupied territory of Ferrius Kingdom was divided within the military, but with a voice from Commander Berger, it was decided to withdraw to the border of the former Myard.
This key point was located on the border between former Myard and Ferrius, when Kanoa Kingdom was still there, it functioned as an anti-demon territory and an anti-Ferrius.
Surrounded by mountains, even if you wanted to try to detour, you would have to go through the terrain where the most powerful monsters infest the continent, and if you couldn’t defeat it, a detour would be out of option. So, it could be said that it might be an advantageous terrain for the defensive side.
After the capture of Aidenberg, the number of soldiers required to maintain the fortress was greatly interrupted, and the castle fell in a short period of time without fulfilling its role in the face of the onslaught of the Highserk Empire army.
The Highserk army, which gathered here, was enough to utilize the fortress, and because the fortress fell in a short period of time, the damage to the defense facility was minor and it seemed that repairs had already been completed.
Walm had already seen many Highserk soldiers other than the Liguria battalion, who had already entered the fortress before him. Other than scouts and messengers, there were also military engineers engaged in civil engineering.
“The number of troops on par with the battle of Aidenberg is gathering here huh.”
It was Squad Commander who said that.
“Yeah, I feel the road is narrow.”
It was Jose who avoided the passing horses that complained.
“Isn’t it better than having few allies?”
Noor was delighted by the situation.
“I had a terrible time in the mine.”
Barito, who imagined a deadly battle in the mine, shook his cockscomb.
“Sure, it’s better than a mine, but I want to have a relax time and eat as much as I can.”
Walm held neither a round shield nor halberd. It was a potato.
While walking, he peeled the potatoes with a knife, relying on the feeling of his hands.
The potatoes, which weren’t cooked, were starchy and had a terrible and light texture, but Walm secretly heated them and ate them.
If the soldiers around him notice it, he must be flooded by soldiers asking for the hot potatoes.
Walm carried the hot potatoes to his mouth while lightly sneering at Noor and Barito, who had their mouth full of potatoes.
“… Walm”
Walm’s spine got a chill momentarily.
The camouflage should have been perfect. No, if someone knows it, it must be――
Walm hoped that his premonition would be off, but it was Willart who was behind him.
In his hand, it was a cup filled with saltwater containing peeled potatoes.
Willart, a magic user, knew what Walm was doing. He didn’t say it in words, but Walm understood it. That Willart was urging him to cook.
When it came to fire attributes, Walm was better than Willart. He had learned how to control the heat at the mine.
Walm understood his role. But it didn’t mean he would do it for free.
“Today’s water duty, can you replace me?”
“… Tch”
Willart clicked his tongue, but the words of refusal didn’t continue. Walm warmed the cup with fire magic. He made a job change from a human heater to a walking human heater.
Willart was happy to bring the boiled potatoes to his mouth.
The problem was the steam and smell that went up during cooking. The smell of salt-boiled potatoes was too fragrant.
“Willart, you’re eating really good food huh.”
The first one to notice it was Squad Commander Duwei.
“What’s that?”
Willart tried to play dumb, but it wasn’t convincing when he said it while chewing on the steamy potatoes.
It was Jose who noticed it next.
“Oi, Walm, you just handed something to Willart, right?”
“It’s just your hallucination.”
Walm had a cold sweat, but the pursuit didn’t stop.
“Walm, you can cook while walking, right?”
Squad Commander Duwei hit the mark. Thinking of the possibility of being freed from the nightmares of raw potatoes, he looked at Walm with envious eyes.
“Walm, you know it, right? We don’t eat hot meals because we prioritize our movement speed.”
Jose spoke to Walm like a teacher reminding the student.
“If I can have boiled potatoes, I feel like I can do my best.”
“Yeah, I feel like I can still walk if I have boiled potatoes.”
Once the words of the two newcomers were out, the three idiots threw curses and swear at Walm.
“Okay, I understand. I just have to boil while walking, right? But bring my luggage.”
Walm, who had the idea, distributes his baggage and armor to the squad members.
Instead, he got a pot with a lot of potatoes to support the squadron’s stomach.
“Damn it, why did it end up like this?”
Willart poured water into the pot. Walm began heating with fire magic. The eyes of the soldiers who passed them were various.
Well, if a soldier was holding a pot and boiling potatoes, it would be strange not to look at it.
Yeah, I know what you mean…
Some of the soldiers who passed him were trying to barter the potatoes with bronze coins.
It was sniffed by Platoon Commander Kozuru and the boiled potatoes were robbed with a compliment saying, “You’ve been a great help improving the morale of my platoon.”
In exchange for that, Walm was given raw potatoes instead. It was as if the amount of heat required for heating was free.
Thanks to that, Walm ended up boiling potatoes while walking, over and over again.
“Wow, we should have a hotpot―― “, Jose suddenly said so. And Walm who heard it, tried to activate 《Demon Fire》with all his might, but it was stopped by all the squad members.